Improve README for Sample Configurations (#1940)
microsoft/devhome: sampleConfigurations/README.md

## Using the sample configurations
Download the *.dsc.yaml files to your local system. They can be executed in Dev Home via the "Machine configuration" section. They can also be executed by running `winget configure <path to configuration file>`.

> Several DSC resource will require running in administrator mode. If the configuration is leveraging the WinGet DSC resource to install packages, there are also limitations in some cases specific to the installers that may either require or prohibit installation in administrative context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several DSC resources may require running in administrator mode. If the configuration is leveraging the [WinGet DSC resource](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Microsoft.WinGet.DSC) to install packages, there are also limitations in some cases specific to the installers that may either require or prohibit installation in administrative context.

```

        productId: Microsoft.VisualStudio.Product.Community
        channelId: VisualStudio.17.Release
        vsConfigFile: '${WinGetConfigRoot}\..\.vsconfig'
```

### Learn to Code
The sample configurations in the Windows directory are related to [Windows development paths](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/dev-environment/#development-paths).

### Sample DSC Resources

> Examples for a few specific DSC Resources are under the DscResources directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Examples for a few specific DSC Resources are under the [DscResources](./DscResources/) directory.
```

nit: Hyperlink to the directory
